October 2000 525 after losing everything
type of communication with the colony
ong harvest is possible having
insurgent attack sent a battalion to
planet as reinforcements upon arrival the
battalion found a devastated harvest
his destroyed orbital defenses and a
fighter ship covenant orbiting the
planet
the ship governs destroyed several of its
ships forcing the withdrawal of
humans
the ship heracles was the only
survivor escaping the planet links
in the course he received a message from
declaration of war its destruction is
the will of the gods and us
we are your instrument in 2 thousand 526 the
Ong a combat fleet was sent
recover the planet
said group commanded by the admiral
count began a confrontation against
the same ship that destroyed the battalion
last year
the human fleet emerged victorious but at
cost of many of their ships while
both at the top of the web
months in the uni was ordered to keep this
information as classified and blamed
to the insurrection istes of the planets
destroyed by the young man to this with the
so that the recent news does not
scare the general population and avoid
so a chaos among the masses
on the other hand the prophet of grief
considered it prudent to send a
commander who blindly obeyed his
orders in his campaign against humans
since the elites began to
oppose the orders of the new
prophets was indispensable to get to
one that did not question anything about
humans to keep hidden the
secret the new prophets had
preference for Tatars and brooks
However, despite trust in the
since he knew his dexterity and
combat skills
in addition the brooks were still of low class
within the copinh hierarchy so
that the task of seeking increased
with the profile they needed to bring
had the prince or ripa love me not
I am worthy to be in his presence
on the contrary you are just what
we need
the devil leave me as I serve them
but in our crusade for the great
trip
We need you to be the one that launched
the fire to his despicable demons
but Trojans integrate cut out one
mature tablets we know who you are rich
love to me you are the one who suppressed the 16th
rebellion a goal are you the warrior that
we need
and we also know that you tried to take
control your clan by force and
you failed our struggle could only
get it back in the car I then you
I offer to recover it, become my
hand and I would turn you into milk and
sidor you will have the battle you are looking for and
us the warrior that we need the
prophet of sorrow intervened before the
advice to avoid the execution of
rhythm love to me in thanks this
he became his most faithful devotee and
followed his orders without questioning what
the appointment of a new inquisitor
under the orders of the prophets caused
rage among the entities the opposition to
new regime took more strength
Ripa placated the rebellion within the
dining with hard hand even order and
punishment to heretics who opposed
the policies of the new prophets
thus consolidating the power for their
leaders during the course of the
years
the admiral code fought the forces
of the young man and the NGO, he said
war in secret during one of the
fighting an elite was seriously injured
but captured alive
during the mandate of the prophets he was
ordered all young people to learn the
human language this in order to
capture ships and prisoners for
get the location of other settlers
humans so when caught this
He could be questioned by his hands
we are the glorious saints
heirs
because you attack us by being
set as unclean a scourge that
must do
knowing that the enemy would not stop
until destroying humanity by
complete the admiral created a protocol
of rules that should be followed for
prevent the young person from finding the
land or any of its colonies
said protocol would be known as the
protocol co
since our enemies do not
they will stop until they destroy completely
our race and watching for their
blind attacks that still do not discover the
Location of the land is indispensable
that the following rules are followed if
we want to preserve the location of the
land and its colonies far from the
young man's hands the prisoner better
known as the subject 386 died at
417 hours of December 25 , 2000
530 on January 3 , 2,531 the frigate of
the uv in that fire spirit was sent to
jarvis to help in the fight against
young to his crew among them the
soldier john ford fought the
next months against the hostile of
planet
UN soon he intersected
coded messages from the combined where
they mentioned that harvest was a world of
treasures the only thought of sending to the
Dr. Howse and to analyze said
data but since she was in charge
of other important projects
they sent their best rival in the
field of science the elena teacher
cndr was an arcadia colonnade that was
companion the rival of house and in the
gone though their relationship was tense
both respected each other
the teacher andres was giving
a lecture at his university
natal planet when it was intercepted and
abducted by the UN
they informed the teacher about
the data they had obtained and
they requested your help
the teacher andrés like her
house colleague and he could not resist his
infinite curiosity about what started from
immediately to the frigate fine spirit
where the campaign will enjoy
harvest
one